PROCESS OF INSTALLER

NOTE: THIS IS AN OLD DESIGN DOCUMENT. AS OF COMTOR 1.5, THIS NO LONGER APPLIES.

This document briefly describes the path that the installer takes from start
to finish, and will be updated in the future to include more details about what
is happening behind the scenes at each stage. Steps are organized below according
to when screens are shown to the user.

1. Prompt for Fresh Install or Upgrade
	If Fresh Install is chosen, the installer will proceed to Step 2.
	If Upgrade is chosen, the installer will proceed to Step 3.

2. Software Check
	Here, the installer will check for all of the require software, which
	at this current date are:
		PHP5
		PEAR Mail
		PEAR Text/Password
		ANT
		Java Version 1.5+
		Javac Version 1.5+
		Javadoc
		Jar
		MySQL Connector/J
		ANTLR
		Crontab
		chmod
		mkdir
		mv
		rm
		find
		cat
		grep
	Please note that there are other current dependencies, but these are, as
	of COMTOR 1.4 either provided or not checked for. This include, but may
	not be limited to the following:
		PEAR Net/SMTP
	As of the writing of this document, there MAY be a bug involving the check
	for ANT.
	
3. Pscripts
	At this stage, the installer will run any and all pscripts that are found
	in the migrations/X.X/config/configspec.txt files, each section of which
	MUST have a matching .php file in the install/pscripts/ directory. They will
	be run in the order specified by the configspec.txt files, in order of
	migration number. As of COMTOR 1.4, they are the following, and are run in
	the following order:
		Database Writing
			The database is written to based on the .sql files found in
			the migrations/X.X/db/ directory. They are run in order of
			migration (i.e., 1.0 will run first, then 1.1, etc).
		SMTP Configuration
			Here, the SMTP server for outgoing mail will be configured.
		Directory Configuration
			Here, the www/ directory is configured.
		Permissions Unlock
			Here, the user is prompted to run the install/permissions.sh
			script to write the proper permissions to some files that the
			installer will need to write to. No actual configuration is
			determined in this step (therefore, the associated .php file
			is a dummy file).
		Write Config
			Here, the actual configuration file, which can be found at
			comtor_data/config/config.php, is written to.
	At this point, there are no other pscripts.

4. Admin Setup
	Here, the user is prompted for the admin name and email (the email is used as
	the admin user name), and these are written to the database.

5. Write Configuration
	Again, more variables are written to at this point, and many files are initialized.
	If the permissions.sh file was run properly several steps back, then there should
	be no errors at this stage.
	
6. Permissions Relock
	At this stage, the user is prompted to relock the files that were unlocked with
	permissions.sh. This same script will relock the files. This step is NOT required,
	as the user can leave those files unlocked if she/he wishes.
	
7. Cron Job
	The user will be prompted to add a cron job for outgoing mail purposes.
	
8. Source Code Compilation
	The user is prompted to run the code/build.xml file via the command 'ant deploy'
	to compile the COMTOR Java source code.
	
9. Finish
	At this point, the user is presented with a 'You're done!' message, a reminder of
	the default password for the admin account, and a link to the www/ directory.
